Santa Claus
Santa Claus, also known as Saint Nicholas, Saint Nick, Kris Kringle, Father Christmas, or simply Santa (Santy in Hiberno-English), is a legendary figure of Western Christian culture who is said to bring gifts to the homes of well-behaved ('good' or 'nice') children on Christmas Eve (24 December) and the early morning hours of Christmas Day (25 December). The modern Santa Claus grew out of traditions surrounding the historical Saint Nicholas, a fourth-century Greek bishop and gift-giver of Myra, the British figure of Father Christmas and the Dutch figure of Sinterklaas (himself also based on Saint Nicholas). Some maintain Santa Claus also absorbed elements of the Germanic god Wodan, who was associated with the pagan midwinter event of Yule and led the Wild Hunt, a ghostly procession through the sky.
Snow White
Snow White, is a 19th-century German fairy tale which is today known widely across the Western world. The Brothers Grimm published it in 1812 in the first edition of their collection Grimms' Fairy Tales. The fairy tale features such elements as the magic mirror, the poisoned apple, the glass coffin, and the characters of the evil queen and the Seven Dwarfs. The seven dwarfs were first given individual names in the 1912 Broadway play Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and then given different names in Walt Disney's 1937 film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Emma Moore
Emma Moore, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Aberdeen Fundraising Office.
Stephen Hart
Stephen Hart, is a Community Fundraising Manager (North) in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Aberdeen Fundraising Office.
Hazel MacKay
Hazel MacKay, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Aberdeen).
Leeanne Ferguson
Leeanne Ferguson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Aberdeen).
Muriel Graham
Muriel Graham, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Aberdeen).
Val Sullivan
Val Sullivan, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Aberdeen).
Emma Cruickshank
Emma Cruickshank, is a Administrative and Facilities Assistant in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Inverness).
Fiona Reid
Fiona Reid, is a Diana Children's Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Inverness).
Sue Stanworth
Sue Stanworth, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Inverness).
Yvonne Robbins
Yvonne Robbins, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Inverness).
Anne Steven
Anne Steven, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Rachel House).
Michelle Robertson
Michelle Robertson, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Rachel House).
Tricia Johnstone
Tricia Johnstone, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Rachel House).
Fiona Richmond
Fiona Richmond, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Robin House).
Kirsteen Cowling
Kirsteen Cowling, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Robin House).
Lesley Johnston
Lesley Johnston, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at CHAS at Home (Robin House).
Lesley Anne Allan
Lesley Anne Allan, is a Shop Assistant - Duloch in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Duloch.
Laura Watt
Laura Watt, is a Shop Assistant - Duloch in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Duloch and East Port.
Catherine Rennie
Catherine Rennie, is a Shop Assistant - Dunfermline in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Dunfermline Shops.
Margaret Drury
Margaret Drury, is a Deputy Shop Manager- Dunfermline in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Dunfermline Shops.
Rosemary Dargo
Rosemary Dargo, is a Charity Shop Manager in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Dunfermline Shops.
Charlene Mullan
Charlene Mullan, is a Income Management Administrator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Claire Benjamin
Claire Benjamin, is a Community Fundraising Manager (South) in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Claire Whitehall
Claire Whitehall, is a Supporter Care Coordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Debbie Mooney
Debbie Mooney, is a Head of Campaign (Keep the Joy Alive) in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Emma Dougal
Emma Dougal, is a Income Management Assistant in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Gillian Green
Gillian Green, is a Head of Database and Income Management in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Hayley Clayton
Hayley Clayton, is a Partnerships and Philanthropy Researcher in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Hayley Simpson
Hayley Simpson, is a Income Management Assistant in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Jenny Seftor
Jenny Seftor, is a Philanthropy Manager in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Jonathan Clegg
Jonathan Clegg, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Megan McIntosh
Megan McIntosh, is a Income Management Assistant in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Megan Stobo
Megan Stobo, is a Corporate Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Morven MacLean
Morven MacLean, is a Volunteering Development Manager in the Organisational Development Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Rachael McDonald
Rachael McDonald, is a Supporter Care Coordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Rebecca Addison
Rebecca Addison, is a Trusts Co-ordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Samantha Reilly
Samantha Reilly, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Scott Maxwell
Scott Maxwell, is a Outdoor Events Coordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Sophie Pragnell
Sophie Pragnell, is a Digital Co-ordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Stacey Murray
Stacey Murray, is a Voluntary Services Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Tess Campbell
Tess Campbell, is a Head of Partnerships and Philanthropy in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Victoria Buchanan
Victoria Buchanan, is a Trust Fundraising Manager in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Glasgow Fundraising Office.
Amanda Williamson
Amanda Williamson, is a Financial Accountant in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Amy Ryan
Amy Ryan, is a IT Service Support in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Andrew Nicholas
Andrew Nicholas, is a Learning and Development Coordinator in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Angharad Low
Angharad Low, is a Corporate Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Annabel Stiles
Annabel Stiles, is a PR and Marketing Officer in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Claire Neilly
Claire Neilly, is a HR Support Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Criona Knight
Criona Knight, is a Corporate Fundraising Manager in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Danielle Thompson
Danielle Thompson, is a Executive Support Administrator in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
David Campbell
David Campbell, is a Project Manager - Workforce Information System in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Diane Alton
Diane Alton, is a Senior Events Co-ordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Divya Prakash
Divya Prakash, is a Learning and Development Manager in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Emma Russell
Emma Russell, is a Executive Support Team Leader in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
Francisco Gomes
Francisco Gomes, is a Income Analyst in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Gillian Anderson
Gillian Anderson, is a Executive Support Manager in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
Iain McAndrew
Iain McAndrew, is a Director of Development and Communications in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Imogen Barnett
Imogen Barnett, is a HR Data Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Janine Emerson
Janine Emerson, is a HR Manager in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Janis Pirret
Janis Pirret, is a Purchase Ledger Administrator in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Jenni Fairbairn
Jenni Fairbairn, is a Director of Finance and Corporate Services in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Jenny Willdridge
Jenny Willdridge, is a Finance Officer in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Karen Cassie
Karen Cassie, is a Senior HR Advisor in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Kenny Paul
Kenny Paul, is a IT Systems Developer in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Kirsty MacDonald
Kirsty MacDonald, is a HR Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Kirsty Patterson
Kirsty Patterson, is a HR Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Leigh Drake
Leigh Drake, is a Executive Support Coordinator in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
Linda Kilgour
Linda Kilgour, is a IT Manager in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Linda Sinclair
Linda Sinclair, is a Purchase Ledger Administrator in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Lisa Bargon
Lisa Bargon, is a PR and Marketing Officer in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Liz Treanor
Liz Treanor, is a Individual Giving Manager in the Fundraising and Communications Department at Head Office.
Louise Jordan
Louise Jordan, is a Events Assistant in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Maria McGill
Maria McGill, is a Chief Executive in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
Mike Adamson
Mike Adamson, is a Management Accountant in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Pamela Stevenson
Pamela Stevenson, is a Executive Support Coordinator in the Chief Executive Office Department at Head Office.
Rebecca Curtis Moss
Rebecca Curtis Moss, is a Digital Contractor for Communication in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Sarah Secombes
Sarah Secombes, is a Head of Community Fundraising in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Scott Semple
Scott Semple, is a Director of Organisational Development in the Organisational Development Department at Head Office.
Stephanie Bungay
Stephanie Bungay, is a Head of Communications in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Head Office.
Stuart Parry
Stuart Parry, is a Strategic Business Partner for Finance in the Corporate Services Department at Head Office.
Emily Kate McDonnell
Emily Kate McDonnell, is a Shop Assistant - Kinross in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Kinross.
Alison Rennie
Alison Rennie, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Hannah Gell
Hannah Gell, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Juliette Edwards
Juliette Edwards, is a Database Coordinator in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Lyndsay Stobie
Lyndsay Stobie, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Rachel Cheer
Rachel Cheer, is a MAT - Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Sarah Stephen
Sarah Stephen, is a Voluntary Services Coordinator, Retail in the Organisational Development Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Will McLean
Will McLean, is a Voluntary Services Manager for Fundraising, Retail and Communications in the Organisational Development Department at the Kinross Fundraising Office.
Christine Brookes
Christine Brookes, is a Deputy Shop Manager - Kinross in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Kinross Shops.
Laura Salmon
Laura Salmon, is a Deputy Shop Manager - Kinross in the Fundraising and Communication Department at Kinross Shops.
Babs Henderson
Babs Henderson, is a Associate Nurse Director for Clinical Effectiveness in the Children and Families Department at the Learning Zone.
Jayne Grant
Jayne Grant, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at the Learning Zone.
Sue Hogg
Sue Hogg, is a Director for Children and Families in the Children and Families Department at the Learning Zone.
Susan Smyth
Susan Smyth, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at the Learning Zone.
Yvonne Stephenson
Yvonne Stephenson, is a Clinical Effectiveness Co-ordinator in the Children and Families Department at the Learning Zone.
Aileen Campbell
Aileen Campbell, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Aileen Cook
Aileen Cook, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Alice Rees
Alice Rees, is a Nursing Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Alison Blair
Alison Blair, is a Activities Coordinator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Alison Prentice
Alison Prentice, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Amanda Stark
Amanda Stark, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Amanda Thomson
Amanda Thomson, is a Hospice Support Services Manager in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Amanda Ziton
Amanda Ziton, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Andrew Goldie
Andrew Goldie, is a GP in the Central Care Services Department at Rachel House.
Angela Brown
Angela Brown, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Angela Millar
Angela Millar, is a Child and Family Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Anne Mather
Anne Mather, is a Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Avril Anderson
Avril Anderson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Bill Blake
Bill Blake, is a Maintenance in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Brenda Cafferty
Brenda Cafferty, is a Practice Education Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Callum Gray
Callum Gray, is a Catering Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Cara Japp
Cara Japp, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Carla Halkett
Carla Halkett, is a Child and Family Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Caroline Clarke
Caroline Clarke, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Chantal Federico
Chantal Federico, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Charlotte Croan
Charlotte Croan, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Claire Turnbull
Claire Turnbull, is a Transitions Manager in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Clare Briggs Constable
Clare Briggs Constable, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Clare Clelland
Clare Clelland, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Claudia Korbut
Claudia Korbut, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Corinna Robertson
Corinna Robertson, is a Family Support Manager in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Danielle Harley
Danielle Harley, is a Team Administrator Central Care Services in the Central Care Services Department at Rachel House.
David Brown
David Brown, is a Gardener in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
David Ross
David Ross, is a Catering Team Leader in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Dawn Entwistle
Dawn Entwistle, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Debbie Manning
Debbie Manning, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Debby McKee
Debby McKee, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Derek Jolly
Derek Jolly, is a Trainee Advanced Nurse Practitioner in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Diane Smith
Diane Smith, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Dionne Franklin
Dionne Franklin, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Donald Campbell
Donald Campbell, is a Catering Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Donna Nicoll
Donna Nicoll, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Edile Murdoch
Edile Murdoch, is a Consultant Neonatologist in the Central Care Services Department at Rachel House.
Elaine Liddle
Elaine Liddle, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Elizabeth MacGregor
Elizabeth MacGregor, is a Housekeeping Supervisor in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Emma Kelso
Emma Kelso, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Emma McAuley
Emma McAuley, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Emma Robertson
Emma Robertson, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Evelyn Rodger
Evelyn Rodger, is a Diana Children's Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Freda McCann
Freda McCann, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Gayle Dickie
Gayle Dickie, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Grant Horsfield
Grant Horsfield, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Hazel Liddle
Hazel Liddle, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Hazel MacEwan
Hazel MacEwan, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Helen Dalgleish
Helen Dalgleish, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Helen Donaldson
Helen Donaldson, is a Physiotherapist in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Holli Wilks
Holli Wilks, is a Hospice Admin Assistant - Family Support Team in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Ian Davies
Ian Davies, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jacqueline Gray
Jacqueline Gray, is a Support Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jacquie Armour
Jacquie Armour, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jane McFarlane
Jane McFarlane, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jeanette Robertson
Jeanette Robertson, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jemma Caithness
Jemma Caithness, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jen Milburn
Jen Milburn, is a Transition Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jenny McDermott
Jenny McDermott, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Jess McHardy
Jess McHardy, is a Voluntary Services Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Rachel House.
Jill Cook
Jill Cook, is a Voluntary Services Manager in the Organisational Development Department at Rachel House.
John Anderson
John Anderson, is a Maintenance Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
John McElhinney
John McElhinney, is a GP in the Central Care Services Department at Rachel House.
Julie Parker
Julie Parker, is a Social Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Julie Webber
Julie Webber, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Karyn Stevenson
Karyn Stevenson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Kate Jessiman
Kate Jessiman, is a Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Kelly Duffy
Kelly Duffy, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Kirsty Kennedy
Kirsty Kennedy, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Laura Hart
Laura Hart, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Laura Paterson
Laura Paterson, is a Hospice Admin Assistant - Family Support Team in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Leigh Dawson
Leigh Dawson, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Lesley Johnstone
Lesley Johnstone, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Linda Henderson
Linda Henderson, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Lisa Lee
Lisa Lee, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Lorraine Churchill
Lorraine Churchill, is a Head Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Louise Bowers
Louise Bowers, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Louise Wilson
Louise Wilson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Lynne Gilbertson
Lynne Gilbertson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Margaret Parsons
Margaret Parsons, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Marie Templeton
Marie Templeton, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Megan Broadbent
Megan Broadbent, is a Catering Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Michelle Henvey
Michelle Henvey, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Michelle MacKay
Michelle MacKay, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Monica Stewart
Monica Stewart, is a Chaplain in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Nancy Clark
Nancy Clark, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Neil Newman
Neil Newman, is a IT Service Support in the Corporate Services Department at Rachel House.
Nicole Trench
Nicole Trench, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Norma Crichton
Norma Crichton, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Pat Carragher
Pat Carragher, is a Medical Director to Children’s Hospice Association Scotland in the Central Care Services Department at Rachel House.
Peter McCutcheon
Peter McCutcheon, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Priscilla Fairbairn
Priscilla Fairbairn, is a Nursing Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Rachael Nixon
Rachael Nixon, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Sharon Ballingall
Sharon Ballingall, is a Social Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Sharon Davidson
Sharon Davidson, is a Support Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Thompson Murphy
Thompson Murphy, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Tracey Donaldson
Tracey Donaldson, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Val Patience
Val Patience, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Valerie Lockhart
Valerie Lockhart, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Vivienne Laing
Vivienne Laing, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Yvonne Lawson
Yvonne Lawson, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Alison Doherty
Alison Doherty, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Alison Ringrose
Alison Ringrose, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Amanda Reid
Amanda Reid, is a Chaplain in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Angela Cook
Angela Cook, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Anne Marie Graepel
Anne Marie Graepel, is a Physiotherapist in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Carol Sorrell
Carol Sorrell, is a Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Carole Ross
Carole Ross, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Caroline Porter
Caroline Porter, is a Diana Children's Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Catherine ODonnell
Catherine ODonnell, is a Head Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Catherine Simpson
Catherine Simpson, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Charlene Forrester
Charlene Forrester, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Christine Kennedy
Christine Kennedy, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Claire Hart
Claire Hart, is a Support Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Claire McKernan
Claire McKernan, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Claire Stephen
Claire Stephen, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Clare Bailey
Clare Bailey, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Dagmara McIntosh
Dagmara McIntosh, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Dan Short
Dan Short, is a Transition Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Diana McIntosh
Diana McIntosh, is a Consultant Paediatrician in the Central Care Services Department at Robin House.
Diane Lee
Diane Lee, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Eilidh Grant
Eilidh Grant, is a Activities Coordinator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Elaine Haggarty
Elaine Haggarty, is a Voluntary Services Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Robin House.
Elizabeth Knox
Elizabeth Knox, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Emma Steel
Emma Steel, is a Activities Facilitator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Emma Youden
Emma Youden, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Farah Javed
Farah Javed, is a Nursing Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Fariel Rahman
Fariel Rahman, is a Trainee Doctor in the Central Care Services Department at Robin House.
Gerry Walsh
Gerry Walsh, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Gillian Murphy
Gillian Murphy, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Gordon Moore
Gordon Moore, is a General Facilities Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Gwen McLaughlin
Gwen McLaughlin, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Helen Connolly
Helen Connolly, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Helen Kennedy
Helen Kennedy, is a Cook in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Hugh Haggarty
Hugh Haggarty, is a Maintenance Assistant in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Hugh Mundie
Hugh Mundie, is a Maintenance Engineer in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jacqui Bannister
Jacqui Bannister, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jacqueline Crawley
Jacqueline Crawley, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Janet Oconnor
Janet Oconnor, is a Family Social Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Janice Wilson
Janice Wilson, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jen Stewart
Jen Stewart, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jenni Brooks
Jenni Brooks, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jennifer Carson
Jennifer Carson, is a Family Social Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jennifer Mullen
Jennifer Mullen, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jennifer Murdoch
Jennifer Murdoch, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Jill Chown
Jill Chown, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Joan Connolly
Joan Connolly, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Julie Anne Marshall
Julie Anne Marshall, is a Hospice Support Services Manager in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Julie Campbell
Julie Campbell, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Karen Allen
Karen Allen, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Kate McCusker
Kate McCusker, is a Lead Pharmacist in the Central Care Services Department at Robin House.
Katrina Routledge
Katrina Routledge, is a Physiotherapist in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Kayleigh McKnight
Kayleigh McKnight, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Laura Antico
Laura Antico, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Laura Heggan
Laura Heggan, is a Practice Education Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Laura Paterson
Laura Paterson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Laura Swift
Laura Swift, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Libby Gold
Libby Gold, is a Associate Nurse Director for Care in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Linda Logan
Linda Logan, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lindsay Mail
Lindsay Mail, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lindsey Sillars
Lindsey Sillars, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lisa Shaw
Lisa Shaw, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Louise McPhail
Louise McPhail, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lynne Hansen
Lynne Hansen, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lynsey Grant
Lynsey Grant, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lynsey Tumbarello
Lynsey Tumbarello, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Maddy Hughes
Maddy Hughes, is a HR Advisor in the Organisational Development Department at Robin House.
Maggie Brown
Maggie Brown, is a Gardener in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Margaret McDermott
Margaret McDermott, is a Hospice Administration Assistant in the Support Services Department at Robin House.
Marie Dougherty
Marie Dougherty, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Marie Russell
Marie Russell, is a Family Support Team Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Mary Paterson
Mary Paterson, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Mary Ramage
Mary Ramage, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Maureen Taylor
Maureen Taylor, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Maxine Gough
Maxine Gough, is a Catering Team Leader in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Michelle Trutwin
Michelle Trutwin, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Neil Clark
Neil Clark, is a IT Service Manager in the Corporate Services Department at Robin House.
Nicki Corrigan
Nicki Corrigan, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Nicky Bridges
Nicky Bridges, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Nicola Blake
Nicola Blake, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Nicola Clark
Nicola Clark, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Nicola Porciani
Nicola Porciani, is a Voluntary Services Manager West in the Organisational Development Department at Robin House.
Nneka Ogbue
Nneka Ogbue, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Pamela MacArthur
Pamela MacArthur, is a Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Paul Boutcher
Paul Boutcher, is a Specialist in Children’s and Young People’s Palliative Care in the Central Care Services Department at Robin House.
Pauline MacGuire
Pauline MacGuire, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Rachel Leishman
Rachel Leishman, is a MAT Trainee Advanced Nurse Practitioner in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Rebecca Jack
Rebecca Jack, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Riley Scott
Riley Scott, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Rona McGregor
Rona McGregor, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Ruairidh Lamb
Ruairidh Lamb, is a Child and Family Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Sandra Boyle
Sandra Boyle, is a Housekeeper in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Sandra Stewart
Sandra Stewart, is a Clinical Effectiveness Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Sarah Coy
Sarah Coy, is a Clinical Lead for Paed Palliative Care in the Central Care Services Department at Robin House.
Sharon Timmins
Sharon Timmins, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Stephanie Martin
Stephanie Martin, is a Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Susan Harvey
Susan Harvey, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Theresa Queen
Theresa Queen, is a Senior Nursing Support Worker in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Tracey Inglis
Tracey Inglis, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Val Beveridge
Val Beveridge, is a HR Administrator in the Organisational Development Department at Robin House.
Valerie Hurt
Valerie Hurt, is a Nursing Services Administrator in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Yvonne Caie
Yvonne Caie, is a Clinical Nurse Manager in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Yvonne Rapson
Yvonne Rapson, is a Charge Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Laura Campbell
Laura Campbell, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Southeast Fundraising Office.
Sarah Dannfald
Sarah Dannfald, is a Community Fundraiser in the Fundraising and Communication Department at the Southeast Fundraising Office.
Katherine Bailey
Katherine Bailey, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Cecilia Garry
Cecilia Garry, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Joanne Self
Joanne Self, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Emma Marie Thorpe
Emma Marie Thorpe, is a Database Co-ordinator in the Children and Families Department at Kinross Fundraising .
Georgina Johnstone
Georgina Johnstone, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Karen Symington
Karen Symington, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Lynsey Combe
Lynsey Combe, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Aisling McGill
Aisling McGill, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Robin House.
Gavin Alston
Gavin Alston, is a IT Service Support in the Corporate Services Department at Robin House.
Catherine Anderson
Catherine Anderson, is a Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.
Pamela Gray
Pamela Gray, is a Senior Staff Nurse in the Children and Families Department at Rachel House.